OCPBUGS-20134: additions for example completion (#83981)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rhcos-multipath-secondary-disk.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_bare_metal/upi/installing-bare-metal.adoc
// * installing/installing_bare_metal/upi/installing-bare-metal-network-customizations.adoc
// * installing/installing_bare_metal/upi/installing-restricted-networks-bare-metal.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rhcos-multipath-secondary-disk_{context}"]
= Enabling multipathing on secondary disks

{op-system} also supports multipathing on a secondary disk. Instead of kernel arguments, you use Ignition to enable multipathing for the secondary disk at installation time.

.Prerequisites

> . You have read the section _Disk partitioning_.
> . You have read _Enabling multipathing with kernel arguments on {op-system}_.
> . You have installed the Butane utility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have read the section _Disk partitioning_.
* You have read _Enabling multipathing with kernel arguments on {op-system}_.
* You have installed the Butane utility.
```

.Procedure

. Create a Butane config with information similar to the following:
+

> .multipath-config.bu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example `multipath-config.bu`
```

        Requires=dev-mapper-mpatha.device
        After=dev-mapper-mpatha.device
        After=ostree-remount.service
        Before=kubelet.service
        DefaultDependencies=no

        [Service] <4>
        Type=oneshot
        ExecStart=/usr/sbin/mkfs.xfs -L containers -m reflink=1 /dev/mapper/mpatha
        ExecStart=/usr/bin/mkdir -p /var/lib/containers

        [Install]
        WantedBy=multi-user.target
    - name: var-lib-containers.mount
      enabled: true
      contents: |
        [Unit]
        Description=Mount /var/lib/containers
        After=mpath-var-lib-containers.service
        Before=kubelet.service <5>

        [Mount] <6>
        What=/dev/disk/by-label/dm-mpath-containers
        Where=/var/lib/containers
        Type=xfs

        [Install]
        WantedBy=multi-user.target
----
<1> The configuration must be set before launching the multipath daemon.
<2> Starts the `mpathconf` utility.
<3> This field must be set to the value `true`.
<4> Creates the filesystem and directory `/var/lib/containers`.
<5> The device must be mounted before starting any nodes.
<6> Mounts the device to the `/var/lib/containers` mount point. This location cannot be a symlink.

> . Create the Ignition configuration file with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the Ignition configuration by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ butane --pretty --strict multipath-config.bu > multipath-config.ign
----

. Continue with the rest of the first boot {op-system} installation process.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```
